Stack Overflow
Stack Overflow is a website for developers
to ask and answer
coding related questions.
The site’s value from an information
gathering perspective
is in looking at the types of questions a
given user is asking or answering.
If we can reasonably determine a user on
Stack Overflow is also an employee of our
target organization, we may be able to
infer some things about the organization
based on the employee’s questions and
answers.
For example, if we found a user that is
always asking and answering questions
about Python, it would be reasonable to
assume they use that programming language
on a daily basis, and it would likely be
used at the organization
where they are employed.
Even worse, if we find employess
discussing sensitive information
such as vulnerability remediation on
these types of forums,
we could discover unpatched
vulnerablities during this phase.